"author,title,text,site_url,text,language,country,domain_rank,spam_score,replies_count,participants_count,likes,comments,shares"
"Shivendra Pandey (noreply@blogger.com)","पाकिस्तान की अब खैर नहीं, ट्रम्प ने दिए हवाई हमले के आदेश","http://omgili.com/ri/jHIAmI4hxg_WKh75s3NXhPYLqfkcXzYnNgDr4TqdqtPs4RC6gTBtlS9Dq74Oz8CUzRdOYTWSPwo7EzyFDgHZZJ.lTin_zgxHj9QF847ak9vfR6zWJeThkP8FFDUaRMcT","बुधवार, जून 21, 2017 पाकिस्तान की अब खैर नहीं, ट्रम्प ने दिए हवाई हमले के आदेश By Shivendra Pandey 6/21/2017 09:42:00 pm देश -विदेश , latest news of today ये तो पूरी दुनिया को ही पता हैं कि पाकिस्तान बहुत पहले से आतंकवाद को बढ़ावा दे रहा हैं | जिसके कारण पाकिस्तान से सटे हुए पडोसी मुल्क जैसे कि हिंदुस्तान और अफ़ग़ानिस्तान भी इसके आतंकी चगुल से बचे नहीं हैं | भारत और पाकिस्तान की आपस में तो हमेशा ही दो-चार होती रहती है लेकिन पिछले कुछ समय से पाकिस्तान द्वारा अफ़गानिस्तान के अंदर बहुत ज्यादा ही आतंक को बढ़ावा दिया जा रहा हैं | सूत्रों के हवाले से आयी ख़बर के अनुसार बड़ी-बड़ी विश्व की अदालतों से दोषी क़रार आतंकवादियों को पाकिस्तान ने पनाह दे रखीं हैं और उन्हीं के कारण अफ़ग़ानिस्तान में आतंक या अस्थिरता का माहौल बना हुआ हैं | जिसके खिलाफ अब अमेरा के राष्ट्रपति डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प ने जंग छेड़ दी हैं | 12 जुलाई को हुई कैबिनेट मीटिंग में डोनाल्ड ने कहा कि अमेरिका अब आतंकवाद से और समझौता नहीं करेगा | उन्होंने आगे कहा कि सबसे पहले वें ऐसे देशों को अमेरिका से मिलने वाली आर्थिक सहायता को बंद करेंगे जिनके ऊपर शक़ की सुई मंडरा रही हैं हैं कि उन देशों ने आतंकी संगठनो को अपने देश पनाह दे रखी हैं और इस श्रेणी में सबसे पहले नाम आता हैं ISIS का और फिर उसके बाद पाकिस्तान | एक नज़र - एक झलक अंतर्राष्ट्रीय योग दिवस की, देखें किसने कहाँ और कैसे मनाया योग दिवस आपकी जानकारी के लिए बता दें कि ट्रम्प सरकार पाकिस्तान में छिपे हुए आतंकियों के ठिकानों पर ड्रोन से हवाई हमला करने की रणनीति बना रही हैं | ट्रम्प सरकार सबसे पहले उन आतंकी संगठनों को निशाना बनाएगी जो अफ़ग़ानिस्तान में आतंकी गतिविधियों को बढ़ावा दे रहीं हैं | अमेरिका के इस फैसले से पाकिस्तान में खलबली मच गयी हैं और अब पुरे पाकिस्तान में इस समय अलर्ट जारी किया जा चूका हैं | पता नहीं अमेरिका अपना पहला ड्रोन बम कहां गिरा दे | देखें वीडियो : डोनाल्ड ट्रम्प ने कैबिनेट मीटिंग में कहा कि अमेरिका पुरे विश्वस्तर पर आतंकवाद को ख़त्म करने के लिए हर जरुरी खदम उठाएगा | Finally held our first full @Cabinet meeting today. With this great team, we can restore American prosperity and bring real change to D.C. pic.twitter.com/2M9PiKjCSH — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 12, 2017 वीडियो को 4 मिनट 05 सेकंड से देखना शुरू करें Pin it Related Post","hindi","IN","None","0.0","0""1","0","0","0",
"Dave (noreply@blogger.com)","Some people hate Trump. More people hate liberals.","http://omgili.com/ri/0xd.sZhj5jc_Wt3CgR3x9sYkZH9FyPu3HihgBXULhdBUseOTqwpkCxMHw55tbe78_myigwMJ7yrvm1un.zSLCavQ8mRLos.vtiLnvmTSLDTK_bCUt4.NNEibO93z9zvSRtROV1bxPHU-","Some people hate Trump. More people hate liberals. For Republicans, winning never gets monotonous. The Karen Handel victory in the Georgia 6th District special election repeats a pattern depressingly familiar to the left. There have been four special congressional elections since the hated Trump took office, and Democrats have lost all four. In each contest, the left predicted victory – largely based on what they perceived was hatred of President Trump by ordinary Americans, which would generate "enthusiasm" for the Democrat candidate and drive people in overwhelming numbers to the polls. Each of the four Democrat candidates was well financed and received strong support from the national party. Each Democratic candidate's campaign was augmented by hundreds or thousands of activist volunteer Democrats. And each and every race was seen as a referendum on Donald Trump – not his policies as much as the man himself. He is Hitler and Howdy Doody all rolled into one, a traitorous SOB (although most liberals only hint that Trump has committed treason), a threat to the rule of law, and a joke as a president. And each and every time, liberals have been shocked to discover that ordinary people don't view the president that way. In Georgia's 6th, reality once again intruded on liberals' fantasies. They once again failed to grasp that some people may hate President Trump. But more people hate them. And unless they can grasp that fundamental point, 2018 will turn into another GOP victory. The resentment of ordinary Georgia voters begins and ends with the $23 million that poured into the district from Democrat donors across the country – most prominently, from Hollywood and Silicon Valley. Handel's money also came from out of state, but it didn't come from people who look down their noses at Georgia voters and try to instruct them on what they should think. That brings us to the national media. More than any other Democrat-allied group, the media promoted the narrative that Trump is so unpopular that a deep red congressional district was almost certainly going to flip. Of course, the press professed to be neutral, and all those negative stories trying to wrap Trump around Handel's neck were what people were really thinking. One tweet last night sort of blows that nonsense out of the water: — Pamela Moore (@Pamela_Moore13) June 21, 2017 Have you ever seen such long faces? Whom are they trying to kid? As long as the faces were at CNN when it became clear Handel was the winner, imagine the chins hitting the floor at the DNC. They were so sure of victory, so confident of success. If $23 million can't buy them a House seat, where do they go from here? The media are thinking the same thing. The following is from CNN: With the inflated price tag and the 15-month lag time between the special election and the November 2018 midterms, the contest might not hold much predictive value. And if Ossoff had won? How "predictive" would that result have been? After the initial glum reaction of pundits to Handel's win came the excuses. It was the weather, it was the big GOP advantage in registration, it was early voting, it was Republican outsiders, it was history, it was counter-historical, Ossoff wasn't liberal enough, no unions, blacks didn't turn out, and the most common complaint from the left about ordinary voters... The people refused to vote "their interests." All of those excuses fail to get to the crux of why the left keeps losing. Ordinary Americans simply don't like leftists very much. And when Hollywood and Silicon Valley unite to tell them they are stupid, are ignorant, are racist, are homophobic, hate Muslims, and shouldn't love America so much, what do they expect the reaction from ordinary people will be? Republicans are not representatives of the people any more than Democrats are. But they speak the language of the ordinary voter and usually don't put them down. The coastal elites who run the Democratic Party and liberal establishment cannot disguise their contempt for ordinary Americans. In Georgia's 6th District, that smug, self-righteous sense of superiority played about as well as one might expect. Until the Democrats can learn to mask their hatred of the hoi polloi , ordinary people will hate them more than they hate Trump and the Republicans. http://www.americanthinker.com/blog/2017/06/some_people_hate_trump_more_people_hate_liberals.html","english","US","None","0.0","0""1","0","0","0",
"","The Latest: Trump ponders solar panels on border wall","http://omgili.com/ri/jHIAmI4hxg.iYVoRMH0L7jdbTx7bBzHoGNJ_RbEc9OG.FvCj896waiUTYPN2Incu9D1XOsa4Bf0Ibdgjhg3rvtEGHhxtgtG.2V9ARFLfJu32lXoYUPDp52MM4XQjsKxr","The Latest: Trump ponders solar panels on border wall - News9.com - Oklahoma City, OK - News, Weather, Video and Sports | The Latest: Trump ponders solar panels on border wall Posted: Updated: (AP Photo/Susan Walsh). President Donald Trump walks on stage to speaks at Kirkwood Community College, which is recognized by the White House as a major center of agricultural innovation, during a visit to the campus in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, Wednesday, J...   WASHINGTON (AP) - The Latest on President Donald Trumps' trip to Iowa (all times EDT): 9:05 p.m. President Donald Trump is musing about putting solar panels on his proposed wall on the Mexican border. Trump is suggesting at a rally Wednesday evening in Iowa that a solar wall would "create energy and pay for itself." He then joked it would mean Mexico "will have to pay much less money" to build it. Trump claimed as a candidate that Mexico would fully fund his impenetrable border wall - a plan Mexico rejected. Trump also suggested the panels would make the wall "beautiful" and then praised himself by saying, "Pretty good imagination, right?" The wall, which was a signature campaign promise, has not been at the center of the White House's agenda. Construction has not begun. ___ 9 p.m. President Donald Trump says he wishes China would offer "a little more help" in applying pressure to North Korea. Trump says at a rally in Cedar Rapid, Iowa: "I wish we would have a little more help with respect to North Korea from China. But that doesn't seem to be working out." Still, Trump says he likes Chinese President Xi Jinping. Trump tweeted Tuesday that while he appreciates China's efforts, "it has not worked out. " Trump has called repeatedly on China to help exert pressure on North Korea, particularly with regard to its nuclear ambitions. The comments come days after American college student Otto Warmbier died after being returned from North Korea in a coma. ___ 8:20 p.m. President Donald Trump says he urged Senate Republicans to add more money to their health care plan because he wants a plan with "heart." Trump says at a campaign-style rally in Iowa: "I've been talking about a plan with heart. I said, 'Add some money to it!'" He's also suggesting he would be willing to change the bill Republicans are crafting if Democrats would come onboard. He says, "a few votes from the Democrats, it could be so easy" and "so beautiful." Republicans have been working on a plan to repeal and replace former President Barack Obama's signature health care law. Top Senate Republicans are expected to release the plan Thursday. ___ 7:50 p.m. President Donald Trump is touting his administration's commitment to agriculture and says he will urge technology upgrades for rural communities. Trump said Wednesday in Iowa that he plans to add rural broadband Internet access to his administration's upcoming infrastructure plans. He also says he would push for the latest technology, like drones and sensors on harvesting equipment, so American farmers can compete with foreign agriculture interests. And he is pledging to end the estate tax and protect corn-based biofuels, which are of particular interest for many in Iowa. The president is also, as his custom, saluting rural areas for voting for him in last November's election. ___ 7:45 p.m. President Donald Trump is celebrating Tuesday night's Republican victories, declaring, "We're 5-0 in special elections." The president is speaking at Kirkwood Community College in Iowa the day after Republican Karen Handel's victory in Georgia's 6th Congressional District and Ralph Norman's slim win in South Carolina. Trump says "last night was very exciting" and blames expectations that Norman would win for his close margins. The closely-watched Georgia race was seen as a referendum on Trump's agenda. Trump is also telling his audience he was "dealt a very difficult hand" as president, with crises brewing in North Korea and the Middle East. He says: "This was a tough hand. But you put me there for a reason and I think you're going to be very happy with the end result." ___ 7:40 p.m. President Donald Trump is saluting former Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad, whom he just   Trump, speaking Wednesday in Cedar Rapids, calls Branstad "a legend" and "one great man." The president is also praising the Iowan's commitment to public service. Branstad was the longest-serving governor in the nation's history. "That's not bad," Trump said at an event at Kirkwood Community College in Cedar Rapids. Branstad was sworn in last month. He was an early supporter of Trump's campaign and appeared with the Republican nominee at several rallies across Iowa. Branstad traveled with Trump to Iowa on Air Force One. They were greeted at the airport by the state's new governor, Kim Reynolds. ___ 7:20 p.m. President Donald Trump is getting a tour of the agricultural technology being developed at Kirkwood Community College in Iowa. Among the machines he saw was a "combine simulator" - a virtual way to practice using a combine. He marveled at the machine and joked to the student who demonstrated it, "Don't be nervous." Trump says after the tour that he has "just learned more about farming than I ever thought I'd learn." The White House says the school's agriculture science program is widely recognized as a center for innovation. ___ 2 p.m. President Donald Trump is heading to the Midwest in search of his supporters' warm embrace -   began his day by reveling   And he's set to visit Iowa in the evening - touring a community college agriculture program and holding a campaign-style rally. Trump is no stranger to victory laps. He seems poised to turn his Iowa trip   Copyright  ","english","US","39185","0.0","0""0","0","0","0",
